ࡇ

ࡇ is a person who wants to do nothing. ࡇ lie down on the bed and try to feel useless. ࡇ thinks wouldn’t it be the best feeling in this entire universe? ࡇ looks at the ceiling and searching for the possibility of gaining the freedom to stop trying.  Yet, those are just thoughts.

‘Ding Dong’ the phone happily sings. After two minutes of lying on the bed, a message from B broke ࡇ's thoughts. “I'm thinking of our conversation yesterday. And have you tried this?”, B sent a voice memo and a link.

ࡇ looks at the question mark and swallows a big sigh from his throat. The next second, B called. She asked, “Have you tried it?” ࡇ got same answer from yesterday. “I have tried my best… No, I didn’t get any response yet.”

B continued to mention what she found and what she considered the action ࡇ should take. More links were coming in this tiny screen ࡇ was holding. ࡇ tried to open all of them, but ࡇ’s eyes are already so blurred with with tears that ࡇ can not read anymore. ࡇ take a deep breath and respond politely, “If I know anything new, I will immediately let you know. Is that ok?”
B senses ࡇ’s tiredness and carefully says, “umm… ok…? Then… Did you consider the proposal I made a few days ago? I imagine it to be big with the color of the ocean. The summer is coming.”
ࡇ spaces out. He is spacing out for the summer and the ocean B mentioned in his sentence. It is the hottest day of the year outside. ࡇ is thinking of the possibility of blaming the sun for the reason he doesn’t want to try and dive into the ocean for escaping the sun. Yet, it is just a thought, B’s voice calls him back.
B said, ”What do you think?” To not disappoint B, ࡇ responded, “It’s probably fine.”

B hangs up the phone and ࡇ wets his pillow with tears. ࡇ is trying so hard to do these things ࡇ is not good at. ࡇ is trying his best to compromise and make his existence valuable, but it is not enough. It is never enough. Often, ࡇ feels like a cloud of dust that has been pushed by the winds, tasks, quests, messages, suggestions and phone rings. The phone is ringing. B calls again.
“I just want to say you should go and ask them! You should approach them. I mean, you take take initiative!”
”Did you improve your profile? I am looking at yours and thinking maybe it is better to modify it a little bit. Check out C's profile, she put so many things to show that he is capable. You should do the same.”
”What do you think? Are you going to ask her in person?”

ࡇ melts under the sun. ࡇ is lying on his bed and thinking of the universe that people owns the freedom to stop trying. Yet, it is just a thought. It is not in this universe. The entire universe doesn’t stop rotating. ࡇ can never do nothing.
