↶

↶ is a person living in the clouds who is constantly sad. The sadness that ↶ hold in her body is twisting the surrounding. ↶’s sunflower is dying because of her sadness. The outside is blue because of ↶’s sadness. ↶ has been staying in her room for 5 days because of her sadness. ↶’s life stopped because of her sadness. ↶ is swallowed by sadness.

↶’s finger is on the keyboard for 3 hours now trying to send this email that has been postponed for a week. The left over tea stares at the only word - “Hello” in the beginning of the email wondering if it will be drank any soon. It is a really important email to ask for someone to do something for ↶. The sad thing is, ↶ doesn’t think she is that important for anyone to do anything for her. Asking became hard. Even the question mark became aggressive when ↶ types it. ↶ doesn’t want this, but apparently, ↶ needs to do it. ↶ sips the tea and try to evade the email by thinking of other options.

D tells ↶ that she will try everything to help her. But D also said she has nothing to offer. E says she will ask for ↶ but she also hasn’t reply ↶’s message for 2 weeks. F said she will do some research for ↶ but she doesn’t even know what ↶ is doing. ↶ is grateful that they promised such things but ↶ already know that she is a burden considering this situation. It is just her who is not trying hard enough. It is just the sad her who is a dust of this planet who doesn’t deserve anything.

↶ grabs the tissue for the tears from sadness. This roll of tissue paper is running out. ↶ cried a lot. F suggested ↶ to not care that much. Yet, ↶ is running out of time. ↶’s time is like this roll of tissue paper, ↶ used it as many as she want when it is new. Now, ↶ have to use it one by one since it is almost finish. The tea is flowing on the table, but her tissue is not enough anymore. ↶ haven’t go out for 5 days. She needs more tissue paper and the sunflower in her room needs more sunlight. ↶ asks her sunflower, ”Why do we have to parasites on the sun and still gets sunburn?” ↶ hasn’t be happy for a long time.

↶ brings the sunflower outside, dig into the clouds and find a new roll of tissue paper. The sun is probably helping. ↶ is no longer sad anymore. The sunflower likes it outside, so ↶ says her goodbye and swim back to her room in the clouds since the email is still not sent. However, the left over tea in her room had turned into oceans. The goldfish is swimming inside tea ocean with confusion. Then, it started to rain. The thunder light is like paparazzi from the sky trying to capture ↶’s worthless life.↶ carefully closed the door, and go for more rolls of tissue paper.
